yo what is going on guys it is Rambo
here bringing daily GTA 5 online content
today I'm going to bring you ask the
first legit car duplication glitch after
the patch one point 15 so if you guys do
gonna enjoy today's video please come
and support by subscribing my channel if
you are new around here as you put some
of the latest and the greatest GTA 5
online daily content also be sure to
drop a like on the video if you do go
and enjoy it as just remember the video
and hey maybe you liked the video you'll
find me beating off in your pool later
on also if you like the video maybe i'll
bookmark ron jeremy at your local
McDonald's that said let's get into this
glitch so the first thing that we're
going to do is pick out any vehicle that
you will be going to get impounded I'm
just going to go ahead and ease the bike
as you get you see this is actually the
150 pass because i'm using any dlc bike
let's go ahead and drive that bitch
outside and then once you have it
outside go ahead and just call the
police or whatever or get the cops after
you by shooting much pedestrians you
know if you call the police does
actually take a little bit for me to get
there so let's keep that mind so really
quick i'm so going to get the cops after
me
this also doubled by a money which by
the way as it does actually bypass the
45-minute wait and as gets to share
their that is actually when the cops
came and just have them kill you guys so
have them kill you and once you die your
personal vehicle should actually getting
pounded and that's pretty much it almost
to go back all the way to your garage
and tell your friend to go and sit in
your garage or you can actually go ahead
and invite them but I do recommend
having them sit there this is New York
have to invite them so a big shout out
that my friend striker for helping
methods method licked your lb the
description in any way just go ahead and
get into any of you play we want to
duplicate and have your friend get into
the passenger seat and what you guys are
going to go and do is drive it try to
draw the vehicle out it's going to give
you this error message just press circle
and X at the same exact time or be an a
on xbox and just it should be a black
screen so hold down with you pad and try
to switch to any single player character
and it's going to bring up another error
screen as you guys can see right here
you should go ahead and back out of that
and you should notice that your friend
disappears and if your friend does
disappear that's pretty much normal but
on his screen is going to be in a black
screen so go ahead and go to the car
rearranger and then go ahead and replace
the car that you want to duplicate over
to any vehicle to track her i will be
using the dubs to six by six and i do
recommend placing it with the Karen
trouble as you guys can see it did
actually duplicate and go ahead and sit
into the car that your friends actually
in so my friends invisible so I'm gonna
go ahead and go to the dub stuff that's
what my friends and go ahead and drive
the outside and once you drive it
outside go ahead and take it right back
in your garage and once you guys drive
back in the rock showing us the car
actually duplicates so yeah check out
three dubs does when I come back in or
two for the splitter actually the one
before and you can actually you just as
I money glitch to you can actually keep
on sun the vehicles over and over again
and yes premature fun money glitch and
duplication your guests enjoyed make
sure to comment like subscribe I'm Rambo
I'll see you guys next video I'm out
please
you